So, what we have left is
our currying exercise and
our composing exercise.
So here's our little reference for
how this works.
So, Let's create a function called curry.
Const curry equals some function,
takes a function,
that's what it takes, and then,
We need to Get it to work
with this behaviour, but
with just two of them,
we don't need to do this.
Okay?
Just because for
this exercise I want to simplify it for
everyone's Benefit really.
Okay, so we have a function and
we need to return a function,
we know that, right?
Okay.
So when we call it, we return a function,
we call it a second time,
we wanna save that value.
So we are going to need to be able to
take an argument there for the first one.
And then,
we're gonna return another function,
and we need to have a second argument.
There, and
then once we get to that second argument,
then we can call our function
with both of those arguments.
Arg2, we probably wanna return it.
All right, so shall we run this?
So the first thing we do is we run
curry with our function name, okay?
So our function name is abc,
and we return this function.
So curried now holds
the value of this function
body here, when we call it, so we can, so
function is our abc,
then arg is going to be one.
And then we return this
function We call it again,
we can do that because it
returns a function, right?
Remember when we tried it before it didn't
work because it returned undefined?
Now it works because we are actually
returning a function, and
we can do this little bit
where we do it twice in a row.
And then we pass two,
And because of scope,
we retain access to function arg,
and of course arg2.
And so, we're two levels deep
recalling our function with arg and
arg2 and returning that value.
And that's the basis of
implementing a curry function.
Obviously, it gets a little
bit more complicated
when you have varying numbers of inputs,
right?
Longer arguments, right?
For this one,
we're just assuming there's two.
But as you can imagine,
if you don't know how many there are,
there's some looping involved, probably
some recursion to get that to work.
But that's the basic value, so
we're just returning nested functions.
Cool?
Any questions about this?
No?
Okay, and the next one is compose.
Let's get our little example Just so
we have something to run.
Okay.
Get our word wrap, perfect.
Okay, so we have our composed function,
and for this case,
we're gonna do two as well.
So we're gonna say const
compose equals a function,
and it's gonna take two arguments.
Okay?
And the first thing that needs to happen,
Is that we need to return a function so
that we can call it later.
So let's set that up,
let's return a function.
Here, and it needs to be able
to take some arguments here.
Let's just say it'll take one for
now, and then,
We wanna first call exclaim,
so that's the second one so
we're gonna call, let's call this
function one and function two.
So let's call function two with our arg,
and we're gonna return that to a result.
And then, we're going to pass that
result into the original function,
the first function that we passed in, and
we're just going to return
whatever that returns.
And there you have it, so and
this isn't taking a consideration of
variable number of functions passed or
a variable number of arguments passed.
Similarly with curry,
you'd have to probably
keep track of how many
functions there are.
And then for args, here, this would
be a problem with an error function.
Because we probably would wanna retain
access to the argument's keyword, so
we would need to use
a regular function for that.
So those are some considerations for
a more robust solution to compose.
But again, so
here we're returning a function
With an argument passed in the second one,
and this one we're returning nested
arrays until we get everything that
we need to finally call our function.
We retain access because parameters are
just like local scope variables, and yeah.
Any questions about those solutions?
>> So if we wanted to basically generalize
either of these, we can get into
like storing arguments or functions
in an array in the arguments object,
and then slicing it off one by one and
doing that like recursively?
That's basically how you
would kinda go about it?
>> Yeah, well, I think for This one,
if this wasn't an error function and
we had access to the arguments array
>> Yeah.
>> You could really
just do function apply.
>> Okay.
>> These arguments That
would make it general.
But for this, for calling each of
those functions with the result of
that function would
require some kind of loop.
>> Yeah.
>> Whether it's recursive loop, or
a while loop, or something like that, or
just a regular loop,
that's what you would have to do.
>> Okay.
>> Yeah.